docs: webpack environment variables (#112)
gsoft-inc/wl-web-configs: docs/webpack/configure-build.md

## 6. Set environment variables

> To deal with environment variables, the [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) documentation suggest using the [--env option](https://webpack.js.org/guides/environment-variables/) from it's CLI. While that would work, by using webpack `--env` CLI option, the environment variables would only be made available to the webpack configuration files (.e.g. `webpack.config.js`) rather than any [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en) files. Therefore we **do not recommend** using webpack `--env` CLI option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deal with environment variables, the [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) documentation suggests using the [--env option](https://webpack.js.org/guides/environment-variables/) from its CLI. While that would work, by using webpack `--env` CLI option, the environment variables would only be made available to the webpack configuration files (.e.g. `webpack.config.js`) rather than any [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en) files. Therefore we **do not recommend** using webpack `--env` CLI option.
```
